Update chat link (#2439)
getAlby/lightning-browser-extension: README.md

## Join the conversation

> We have a channel on the [bitcoin.design](https://bitcoin.design/) Discord community [#alby](https://discord.com/channels/903125802726596648/956366795265159189) and a [Telegram group](https://t.me/getAlby). Come and join us!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a channel on the [bitcoin.design](https://bitcoin.design/) Discord community [#alby](https://discord.gg/K7aQ5PErht) and a [Telegram group](https://t.me/getAlby). Come and join us!
```

Reviewer: The channel link only works if you already joined the server, otherwise you see this: 

![image](https://github.com/getAlby/lightning-browser-extension/assets/100827540/80bd3c7a-0e30-41c8-9fc3-d0f31a8be867)
